NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts : NPR Accessibility links Skip to main content Keyboard shortcuts for audio player Open Navigation Menu NPR Shop Close Navigation Menu Home News Expand/collapse submenu for News National World Politics Business Health Science Climate Race Arts & Life Expand/collapse submenu for Arts & Life Books Movies Television Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Life Kit Music Expand/collapse submenu for Music #NowPlaying Tiny Desk All Songs Considered Music News Music Features Live Sessions Shows & Podcasts Expand/collapse submenu for Shows & Podcasts Daily Morning Edition Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday All Things Considered Fresh Air Up First Featured Invisibilia Radio Ambulante Alt.Latino Short Wave More Shows & Podcasts Search NPR Shop #NowPlaying Tiny Desk All Songs Considered Music News Music Features Live Sessions About NPR Diversity Organization Support Careers Connect Press Ethics NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts Top stories in the U.S. and world news, politics, health, science, business, music, arts and culture. Nonprofit journalism with a mission. This is NPR. #FreeBritney activists protest outside the courthouse in Los Angeles during a conservatorship hearing on April 27. Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images Law Britney Spears Has A Chance To Be Free From Her Father Today Spears and her father have petitioned to end his conservatorship role. But there are a few ways the judge could rule, including denying their petitions, replacing him or terminating the arrangement. YouTube has announced immediate bans on false claims that vaccines are dangerous and cause health issues like autism, cancer or infertility. Danny Moloshok/AP hide caption toggle caption Danny Moloshok/AP Health YouTube Is Banning All Content That Spreads Vaccine Misinformation Flatiron Books Author Interviews 'Me Too' Founder Tarana Burke Says Black Girls' Trauma Shouldn't Be Ignored Fresh Air Brady Mistic, a deaf Colorado man, is suing the city of Idaho Springs and others over his violent arrest in 2019. Raymond Bryant hide caption toggle caption Raymond Bryant Law A Deaf Man Who Couldn't Hear Police Commands Was Tased And Spent Four Months In Jail Ruth Talbot/NPR Shots - Health News COVID Made America's Obesity Crisis Worse — Especially Among Communities Of Color Lava from a volcano reaches the sea on the Canary island of La Palma, Spain, in the early hours of Wednesday, prompting concerns about toxic gas. Saul Santos/AP hide caption toggle caption Saul Santos/AP Europe A Toxic Gas Emerges As A New Threat More Than A Week After A Volcanic Eruption On A Spanish Island Doubleday NPR's Book Of The Day NPR's Brand New Book of the Day Podcast Will Help You Discover Your Next Great Read. Start Listening More NPR content after sponsor message Jens Haaning's artwork "Take the Money and Run" is seen in the Kunsten Musem of Modern Art. The empty canvas was meant to hold thousands of dollars in cash — but the artist chose to hang on to the money. Niels Fabaek/Kunsten Museum of Modern Art hide caption toggle caption Niels Fabaek/Kunsten Museum of Modern Art Arts & Life Art Or Heist? A Danish Artist Took $84,000 And Sent A Museum 2 Blank Canvases "The work is that I have taken their money," artist Jens Haaning said of his new piece, titled "Take the Money and Run." Jens Haaning's artwork "Take the Money and Run" is seen in the Kunsten Musem of Modern Art. The empty canvas was meant to hold thousands of dollars in cash — but the artist chose to hang on to the money. Niels Fabaek/Kunsten Museum of Modern Art hide caption toggle caption Niels Fabaek/Kunsten Museum of Modern Art Arts & Life A Museum Paid An Artist $84,000. He Sent 2 Blank Canvasses Titled 'Take The Money And Run' "The work is that I have taken their money," artist Jens Haaning said of his new piece, titled "Take the Money and Run." Prince Royce pictured during his performance at the virtual Democratic National Convention in August 2020. He and reggaeton artist Sech are among the many artists participating in NPR's "El Tiny" series in celebration of National Hispanic Heritage Month. /DNCC via Getty Images hide caption toggle caption /DNCC via Getty Images 'El Tiny' Celebrates Hispanic Heritage Month Get Ready For A Bachata And Reggaeton Flair With NPR Music's Next 'El Tiny' Concerts There's a lot to look forward to when Latin music star Prince Royce and reggaeton artist Sech grace the "El Tiny" concert series. Loading... South Dakota Gov. Kristi Noem speaks during the Family Leadership Summit on July 16 in Des Moines, Iowa. Questions are floating around whether Noem had anything to do with the forced retirement of a state official after her daughter was denied a real estate appraiser's license. Charlie Neibergall/AP hide caption toggle caption Charlie Neibergall/AP National Questions Arise About Gov. Noem And The Early Retirement Of A South Dakota Official SDPB Radio After South Dakota Republican Gov. Kristi Noem's daughter was denied a real estate appraiser's license in the state, an official overseeing that program says she was forced into early retirement. Haitian migrants in Necoclí, Colombia, walk toward boats that will take them to the town of Acandí, across the Gulf of Urabá. The boats can't keep up with the number of Haitians looking to travel from Colombia through the jungle to Panama to eventually reach the U.S. Carlos Villalón for NPR hide caption toggle caption Carlos Villalón for NPR Latin America Thousands Of U.S.-Bound Haitians Camp In Colombia, Preparing To Trek Through Panama's Jungle Haitian migrants have nearly doubled the population of a small Colombian town, which is a stopover before the Darién Gap leading to Panama. They are hopeful the United States will take them in. Haitians En Route To The U.S. Crowd A Colombian Town, Before Trekking Through Jungle Listen · 4:34 4:34 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/1040829977/1040829978" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript An ivory-billed woodpecker specimen is on a display at the California Academy of Sciences in San Francisco, Friday, Sept. 24, 2021. Death's come knocking a last time for the splendid ivory-billed woodpecker and 22 assorted birds, fish and other species: The U.S. government is declaring them extinct. Haven Daley/AP hide caption toggle caption Haven Daley/AP Animals The Ivory-Billed Woodpecker And More Than 20 Other U.S. Species Have Gone Extinct Government scientists warn climate change, on top of other pressures, could make such disappearances more common. Long COVID patient Gary Miller, left, receives treatment from physiotherapist Joan Del Arco at the Long COVID Clinic at King George Hospital in Ilford, London, in May. Kirsty Wigglesworth/AP hide caption toggle caption Kirsty Wigglesworth/AP Coronavirus Updates More Than A Third Of COVID-19 Patients Have Symptoms Months Later, A Study Finds The symptoms, such as headache, fatigue and cognitive dysfunction, persist or recur months after diagnosis, far more often than they do for the flu, researchers say. Henry "Enrique" Tarrio, leader of the Proud Boys, holds a U.S. flag during a July protest in Miami as part of a show of solidarity for Cubans who were demonstrating against their government in Cuba. Eva Marie Uzcategui/AFP via Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Eva Marie Uzcategui/AFP via Getty Images National Security After Arrests And Setbacks, The Far-Right Proud Boys Presses Its New Ambitions One year ago Donald Trump infamously said of the far-right Proud Boys, "stand back and stand by." Some members are now in jail, but the once-fringe group hasn't gone away. Rabies is a preventable viral disease. Human fatalities are rare, and typically occur in people who don't get treatment quickly. Here, a vial and box of rabies vaccine. Adriana Adie/NurPhoto via Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Adriana Adie/NurPhoto via Getty Images Health A Man Died From Rabies In Illinois. Here's Why That's So Unusual In The U.S. The Illinois Department of Health says an elderly man died from rabies after waking up with a bat on his neck and refusing rabies treatment. It's the first case in the state since 1954. Exclusive Carlene Knight, who has a congenital eye disorder, volunteered to let doctors edit the genes in her retina using CRISPR. Franny White/OHSU hide caption toggle caption Franny White/OHSU Shots - Health News A Gene-Editing Experiment Let These Patients With Vision Loss See Color Again In a first, doctors injected the gene-editing tool CRISPR directly into cells in patients' eyes. The experiment helped these vision-impaired patients see shapes and colors again. Jennifer Longdon and her fiancé were getting tacos when both were shot by an unknown assailant. Today she's an Arizona state lawmaker. Gun violence prevention and disability rights are her top priorities. Michael Ging hide caption toggle caption Michael Ging Criminal Justice Collaborative After 25 Years In The Dark, The CDC Wants To Study The True Toll Of Guns In America We don't know the full impact of nonfatal firearms-related injuries. Unreliable data and political pressure have obscured the picture for researchers, the media and the public. That may soon change. NPR Shots - Health News How Is The COVID Vaccination Campaign Going In Your State? The U.S. is engaged in a massive effort to vaccinate the bulk of its population against COVID-19. But some states are working faster than others. See how yours is faring. Do You Need To Wear A Mask Indoors Where You Live? Check This Map COVID Booster Shots Are Coming. Here's What You Need To Know WATCH MORE VIDEOS 00:20:23 Silvana Estrada: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert 00:13:16 maye: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert 00:15:49 Diamante Eléctrico: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert 00:15:20 J Balvin: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert 00:18:29 Royce 5Ə": Tiny Desk (Home) Concert 00:15:26 Pastor T.L. Barrett & The Royal Voices Of Life: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert 00:19:07 Yebba: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert 00:13:37 Rico Nasty: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert 00:17:43 The Staves: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert 00:20:08 Little Simz: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert Music Videos TDC video carousel New and exclusive videos from the popular concert series. more from news arts & life music Read & Listen Home News Arts & Life Music Podcasts Programs Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Instagram Press Contact & Help About NPR Overview Diversity Ethics Finances Public Editor Corrections Get Involved Support Public Radio Sponsor NPR NPR Careers NPR Shop NPR Events NPR Extra Terms of Use Privacy Your Privacy Choices Text Only NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
